v4.2.0: add release notes (#26)
bisdn/bisdn-linux: release-notes.txt

BISDN Linux
4.2.0 Release Notes
Date: 2021-10-06

! New in this release

> In this release, we add the EdgeCore AS7726-32X as our first Trident3 based 100G switch to the list of supported platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add EdgeCore AS7726-32X (32 port 100G switch based on Trident3) as supported platform .
```

! Bug fixes

> For systemd-networkd, the redundant `/etc/systemd/network/99-enp.network` management interface configuration file was dropped. 

Reviewer: i think we want to mention here why it was redundant

Reviewer: we also might want to either state here or somewhere in our docs how to handle this during an upgrade from 4.1.0, since we do not actually drop anything, we just do not add it anymore

BISDN Linux
4.2.0 Release Notes
Date: 2021-10-06

! New in this release
Add EdgeCore AS7726-32X (32 port 100G switch based on Trident3) as supported platform .

! Bug fixes
For systemd-networkd, the redundant `/etc/systemd/network/99-enp.network` management interface configuration file was dropped, in favor of

> the pre-packaged `/lib/systemd/network/80-wired.network`. For upgrades from earlier version,
> the file in `/etc/systemd/network` wont be removed. Refer to https://docs.bisdn.de/tools/onie-tools.html#onie-bisdn-upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the pre-packaged `/lib/systemd/network/80-wired.network`. Note however, If you upgrade from an earlier version
the file in `/etc/systemd/network` will persist. Please see https://docs.bisdn.de/tools/onie-tools.html#onie-bisdn-upgrade
for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: Pherhaps a bit nit-picky, keep it or leave it

Reviewer 2: Well, technically it does not claim anything about any other files, but I think it still might be understood that way.

Reviewer 2: 2nd update of suggestion, please review again

Reviewer 3: > Well, technically it does not claim anything about any other files,

"All data is deleted except this specific configuration file" is quite explicit.

Reviewer 2: I already updated the comment

BISDN Linux
4.2.0 Release Notes
Date: 2021-10-06

! New in this release
Add EdgeCore AS7726-32X (32 port 100G switch based on Trident3) as supported platform .

! Bug fixes
For systemd-networkd, the redundant `/etc/systemd/network/99-enp.network` management interface configuration file was dropped, in favor of
the pre-packaged `/lib/systemd/network/80-wired.network`. Note, however, that If you upgrade
from an earlier version of BISDN Linux all files in `/etc/systemd/network` will persist, including

> 99-enp.network. Please see https://docs.bisdn.de/getting_started/basic_networking.html#management-interface

Author: Wont the release-notes.txt be uploaded to repo.bisdn.de? The relative link wouldn't work then

BISDN Linux
4.2.0 Release Notes
Date: 2021-10-06

! New in this release
Add Edgecore AS7726-32X (32 port 100G switch based on Trident3) as supported platform.

! Bug fixes
For systemd-networkd, the redundant `/etc/systemd/network/99-enp.network` management
interface configuration file was dropped in favor of the pre-packaged 
`/lib/systemd/network/80-wired.network`. Note, however, that if you upgrade
from an earlier version of BISDN Linux all files in `/etc/systemd/network`

> will persist, including `99-enp.network`. Please see 
> https://docs.bisdn.de/getting_started/basic_networking.html#management-interface
> for more information on configuring the management interface.

Reviewer 3: Maybe making the link a foot-note makes it a bit less awkward:

```suggestion
will persist, including `99-enp.network`. Please see [1] for more information
on configuring the management interface.

[1] https://docs.bisdn.de/getting_started/basic_networking.html#management-interface
```

Add EdgeCore AS7726-32X (32 port 100G switch based on Trident3) as supported platform .

! Bug fixes
For systemd-networkd, the redundant `/etc/systemd/network/99-enp.network` management interface configuration file was dropped.  Allows

> the pre-packaged `/lib/systemd/network/80-wired.network` file taking precendence. For upgrades from earlier version, the file in `/etc/systemd/network`

Reviewer 2: "Allows the pre-packaged..."
This sentence does not make any sense, what do we mean?

Reviewer 2: I mean in the sense that the sentence is not complete, do we mean "This allows..."?
